haha robbery full beach got to mated
show it don't make you a man delivering
pizzas in Kentucky was stabbed finished
delivering the pizzas and then went to
the ER should be the scariest thing
about pizza if not for Papa John's super
weird face what the hell is going on
with that face and now for our
consistently saddest bit this week i'm
photoshopping with casey i photoshopped
myself on a date with myself that's not
crazy it's because I trust myself not to
hurt myself dating is hard especially
when you're getting older so if I could
go on a date with myself that's the
ideal girl or guy it's myself that's not
the point okay I know this isn't
possible I know that it's not crazy I'm
just saying that I would be happy if
that's something that I could do but you
can't do that obviously that's why it's
Photoshop Kim are you gave me free reign
to do whatever I wanted with photo
shopping with Casey so I'm gonna
photoshop myself on a date with myself
stop saying myself I'm myself and I like
myself they didn't photoshopping with
Casey
hey Matt do I have something on my face
yeah okay okay
there's been our two minutes show yours
might have been better I'm ready to go
to the beach Matt I knew your been
asking me for some sick-ass paanch
videos and you know frankly want to do
it